Following up on our meeting with Tychele yesterday, I have identified some Hi-C datasets below that I think would be good to look at. I don't think it's essential to re-process these datasets if there are suitable processed files available to achieve the end-points below. The ideal end-point files I am hoping to achieve for each dataset are:

(1) *.hic files with reasonable high resolution (ideally 5Kb, 10Kb, and/or 25kb) that can be visualized with juicebox;

(2) matrix dump (*.mat) files for chr10 (human) or chr7 (mouse) like you gave me previously so that I can make virtual 4C plots as we did previously; 

(3) HICCUPS loop calls, assuming these are relatively easy to generate once we have *.hic files. One note is that the interaction we are looking for is ~1.3MB, so if there is a distance cutoff we should make sure it's not shorter than 1.5Mb.

Note: Wherever replicates are available, i think we should merge them to maximize depth/resolution

Here are the the datasets of interest:

(A) Hi-C data from human fetal brain by Won et al., with data files available here. We can merge 3 individuals for "GZ", and merge 3 individuals for "CP". It looks there is already processed 10Kb heat maps available in HDF5 format ("FBD" and "FBP"), which should be fine if can be converted to hic format.

(B) DNase Hi-C data from Mouse adult brain by Deng and Ma et al., with data files available through 4DN portal here. I note that these data are also included in the juicebox pre-loaded datasets under "open" --> "Hi-C data archive", so oviously *.hic files are already available, but would still ask for your help with end-point items (2) and (3) above.

(C) Hi-C data from the human SK-N-SH cell line by Guo et al, with data files available here.. These data were actually generated by me some time ago, but this was before juicer tools so we will need to re-process these (merging replicates).


